feat(defaults): store spellfile in stdpath('data') (#33048)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	It may also be a comma-separated list of names.  A count before the
	|zg| and |zw| commands can be used to access each.  This allows using
	a personal word list file and a project word list file.

> 	When a word is added while this option is empty Nvim will use
> 	`stdpath('data')/spell`.  If there is no "spell" directory yet it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	When a word is added while this option is empty Nvim will use
	(and auto-create) `stdpath('data')/spell/`. For the file name ...
```
